com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences:
    android.preference.ListPreference mListPreferenceSnooze -> b
    android.preference.ListPreference mListPreferenceDuration -> c
    android.preference.ListPreference mListPreferenceMotion -> d
    android.preference.Preference$OnPreferenceChangeListener mOnPreferenceChangedListener -> a
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
    void setMotionToleranceSummary(java.lang.String) -> a
    android.preference.ListPreference access$0(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences) -> a
    android.preference.ListPreference access$1(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences) -> b
    android.preference.ListPreference access$2(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences) -> c
    void access$3(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences,java.lang.String) -> a
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences$1 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.a:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences this$0 -> a
    boolean onPreferenceChange(android.preference.Preference,java.lang.Object) -> onPreferenceChange
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity:
    android.app.KeyguardManager$KeyguardLock mKeyguardLock -> c
    android.media.MediaPlayer mMediaPlayer -> d
    android.os.Vibrator mVibrator -> e
    android.content.SharedPreferences mSettings -> f
    long[] vibratePattern -> a
    android.content.BroadcastReceiver mBroadcastReceiver -> b
    android.os.Handler mHandler -> g
    android.content.DialogInterface$OnKeyListener mOnKeyListener -> h
    java.util.Stack mVolume -> i
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
    android.app.Dialog onCreateDialog(int) -> onCreateDialog
    void onStart() -> onStart
    void onResume() -> onResume
    void onPause() -> onPause
    void onStop() -> onStop
    void onDestroy() -> onDestroy
    void stopRingtone() -> a
    boolean repeatAlarm() -> b
    void alarmFinished() -> c
    void access$0(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity) -> a
    java.util.Stack access$1(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity) -> b
    android.media.MediaPlayer access$2(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity) -> c
    android.os.Handler access$3(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity) -> d
    android.content.SharedPreferences access$4(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity) -> e
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity$1 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.b:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity this$0 -> a
    void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent) -> onReceive
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity$2 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.c:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity this$0 -> a
    void handleMessage(android.os.Message) -> handleMessage
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity$3 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.d:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity this$0 -> a
    boolean onKey(android.content.DialogInterface,int,android.view.KeyEvent) -> onKey
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity$4 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.e:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmReceiver -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmReceiver:
    void onReceive(android.content.Context,android.content.Intent) -> onReceive
    void startAlarmService(android.content.Context,java.lang.String) -> a
    void startPowerSnoozeService(android.content.Context) -> a
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmScheduler -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.f:
    android.os.PowerManager$WakeLock mWakeLock -> a
    int setDailyAlarm(android.content.Context,int,int) -> a
    void cancelAlarm(android.content.Context,java.lang.String) -> a
    void cancelNotification(android.content.Context) -> a
    void snoozeAlarm(android.content.Context,int) -> a
    android.app.PendingIntent getPendingIntentUpdateCurrent(android.content.Context,java.lang.String) -> b
    void enablePowerSnooze(android.content.Context) -> b
    void disablePowerSnooze(android.content.Context) -> c
    void setPartialWakeLock(android.os.PowerManager) -> a
    void releaseWakeLock() -> a
    void resetRepeatCount(android.content.Context,android.content.SharedPreferences) -> a
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService:
    float mMotionToleranceDeg -> j
    long TIMEOUT_MS -> k
    android.os.PowerManager$WakeLock mWakeLock -> a
    android.os.PowerManager mPowerManager -> l
    android.hardware.SensorManager mSensorManager -> m
    android.content.SharedPreferences mSharedPreferences -> n
    boolean isSnooze -> o
    android.hardware.Sensor mAccelerometer -> b
    android.hardware.Sensor mMagneticField -> c
    boolean mAccelRegistered -> d
    boolean mMagneticRegistered -> e
    boolean mAccelEventReceived -> f
    boolean mMagneticEventReceived -> g
    float[] mAccelValues -> h
    float[] mMagneticValues -> i
    boolean mStabilze -> p
    android.os.Handler mHandler -> q
    android.hardware.SensorEventListener mSensorEventListener -> r
    void onCreate() -> onCreate
    void onStart(android.content.Intent,int) -> onStart
    boolean screenOn() -> a
    boolean telephoneInUse() -> b
    void startReadingSensors() -> c
    void doAlarm() -> d
    void doSnooze() -> e
    void onDestroy() -> onDestroy
    void sensorsHaveBeenRead() -> f
    void checkDeviceOrientation(float[]) -> a
    boolean getCurrentOrientation(float[]) -> b
    void saveDeviceOrientation(float[]) -> c
    void readDeviceOrientation(float[]) -> d
    void stopReadingSensors() -> g
    android.os.IBinder onBind(android.content.Intent) -> onBind
    void access$0(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService) -> a
    void access$1(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService,boolean) -> a
    boolean access$2(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService) -> b
    void access$3(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService) -> c
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService$1 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.g:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService this$0 -> a
    void handleMessage(android.os.Message) -> handleMessage
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService$2 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.h:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService this$0 -> a
    void onSensorChanged(android.hardware.SensorEvent) -> onSensorChanged
    void onAccuracyChanged(android.hardware.Sensor,int) -> onAccuracyChanged
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity:
    android.preference.CheckBoxPreference mCheckBoxEnable -> e
    android.preference.Preference mPreferenceTime -> f
    android.preference.Preference mPreferenceAbout -> g
    android.content.SharedPreferences settings -> a
    android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor editor -> b
    int mTimeFormat -> h
    android.preference.RingtonePreference mRingtonePreference -> i
    android.media.AudioManager mAudioManager -> j
    boolean mFirstInstance -> k
    android.preference.Preference$OnPreferenceChangeListener mOnPreferenceChangedListener -> c
    android.preference.Preference$OnPreferenceClickListener mOnPreferenceClickListener -> d
    android.app.TimePickerDialog$OnTimeSetListener mTimeChangedListener -> l
    void onCreate(android.os.Bundle) -> onCreate
    void onStart() -> onStart
    boolean onCreateOptionsMenu(android.view.Menu) -> onCreateOptionsMenu
    boolean onMenuItemSelected(int,android.view.MenuItem) -> onMenuItemSelected
    void setRingtoneSummary(java.lang.String) -> a
    void onResume() -> onResume
    void onPause() -> onPause
    void prefsChanged() -> b
    void onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String) -> onSharedPreferenceChanged
    android.app.Dialog onCreateDialog(int) -> onCreateDialog
    android.app.AlertDialog$Builder prepareDialogBuilder() -> c
    android.app.AlertDialog$Builder prepareChangelogDialogBuilder() -> d
    void setTime() -> a
    java.lang.String formatTime(int,int) -> a
    void enableAlaram() -> e
    void disableAlarms() -> f
    void checkVolume() -> g
    android.preference.RingtonePreference access$0(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity) -> a
    void access$1(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity,java.lang.String) -> a
    android.preference.Preference access$2(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity) -> b
    android.preference.Preference access$3(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity) -> c
    android.preference.CheckBoxPreference access$4(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity) -> d
    void access$5(com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity) -> e
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity$1 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.i:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    boolean onPreferenceChange(android.preference.Preference,java.lang.Object) -> onPreferenceChange
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity$2 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.j:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    boolean onPreferenceClick(android.preference.Preference) -> onPreferenceClick
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity$3 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.k:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onTimeSet(android.widget.TimePicker,int,int) -> onTimeSet
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity$4 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.l:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity$5 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.m:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity$6 -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.n:
    com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity this$0 -> a
    void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int) -> onClick
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MyPrefsBackupAgent -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MyPrefsBackupAgent:
    void onCreate() -> onCreate
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.PowerSnoozeService -> com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.PowerSnoozeService:
    void onStart(android.content.Intent,int) -> onStart
    android.os.IBinder onBind(android.content.Intent) -> onBind
