com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AdvancedPreferences
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmActivity
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmReceiver
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.AlarmService
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MainActivity
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.MyPrefsBackupAgent
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.PowerSnoozeService
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$array: int entries_duration
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$array: int entries_motion_tolerance
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$array: int entries_snooze
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$array: int entryvalues_duration
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$array: int entryvalues_motion_tolerance
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$array: int entryvalues_snooze
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$drawable: int battery
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$drawable: int ic_stat_notify
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$id: int changelog_layout_root
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$id: int changelog_text
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$id: int first_time_layout_root
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$id: int first_time_text
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$layout: int alert
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$layout: int changelog_dialog
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$layout: int first_time_dialog
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$layout: int main
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int about
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int advanced
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int advanced_settings
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int alarm_duration
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int alarm_message
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int app_name
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int app_name_no_spaces
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int bed_time
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int changelog
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int changelog_title
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int checkVolume
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int close
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int contact_email
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int default_alarm_duration
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int default_motion_tolerance
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int default_ringtone
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int default_snooze_time
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int degrees
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int dialog_title_duration
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int dialog_title_motion_tolerance
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int dialog_title_snooze
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int disabled
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int done
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int dontshowagain
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int enable_alarm
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int enable_alarm_summary
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int feedback
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int first_time_text
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int hour
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int hours
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int minute
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int minutes
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int motion_tolerance
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int noemail
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int notification_toast
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int notify_text
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int ringtone
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int seconds
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int sendmail
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int silent
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int snooze
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int snooze_time
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int unknown
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int until_alarm
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$string: int vibrate
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$xml: int advanced_preferences
com.dexnamic.alwayscharged.R$xml: int preferences
